---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-06T21:24:45.569Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-06T21:18:13.697Z'
title: Welcome
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-06-welcome.md
published: true
url: welcome/index.html
_type: Article

---
Tenor Steven Caldicott Wilson is a member of the male classical a cappella quartet New York Polyphony, and frequently appears as soloist and small ensemble singer with leading conductors. He has been praised for his "steadiness and sensitivity...impassioned without ever straining" (NY Times, December 2015) and "powerful, polished and moving Evangelist" (NY Times, April 2011). Recent solo highlights include the title role in Britten's _St. Nicholas_ at Trinity Wall Street; Bach's _St. John Passion_ at Alice Tully Hall; Monteverdi's _Vespers_ with Paul O'Dette; soloist in Bach's _St. John Passion_ and multiple Bach cantata solo appearances with Trinity Baroque Orchestra NYC; Evangelist in C.P.E. Bach's _Matthew Passion_; Ensemble Caprice in Montreal and The Metropolitan Museum of Art NYC; _Messiah_ at Lincoln Center; J.S. Bach's _Matthew Passion_ at Carnegie Hall.  

Formed in 2006 and now celebrating their 10th anniversary, New York Polyphony has sung in 37 US states and 14 countries, garnering praise from critics and fans around the world. They have been nominated for two GRAMMY awards, and has a catalogue of 6 recordings with a seventh to be released in 2016\. They are represented worldwide by Opus 3 Artists, and record on BIS Records.

Mr. Wilson is a veteran of the United States Air Force Band Singing Sergeants (2001-2005). He is a graduate of Ithaca College and the Yale University Voice Masters program in early music, oratorio, and chamber ensemble. He lives in the Finger Lakes region of NY state.